[AKARI]
So, is it like... Just you?
Or do all guys prefer
the mega-sweet,
mommy types like Sakurazaka?
Huh? The heck is
this coming from?
I wanna know what dudes
like chicks to do for them.
This might come as a big shock,
but I'm not an
authority on chicks.
[AKARI] What happened to
"doing whatever it takes"?
You're supposed to help me!
And If I don't get answers,
you just get rice.
Aw...
Put some legit thought
into this.
Lemme think. Just nice things
girls can do? Uhhh... Hm?
[JIRO]
Guys like homemade lunches.
Is that's all it takes?
Yeah, the way to a man's heart
is through his stomach, y'know.
Huh.
It'd be even better from you,
cause no one would expect it.
[AKARI] You should expect
my fist up your ass.
I see where I went wrong.
Crazy, but I think
your plan could work!
And you're gonna help me.
Wait, I am?
[JIRO] Being the door mat that
I am, it was up to me to play
sous-chef in Operation
Bento of Love.
The go big or go
home special, I see!
These are ideas for the bento,
hopefully we can pick
something both cute and
delish from this lineup.
[AKARI]
You like?
Yeah, it's great. My only
note would be that I like
a little more sweetness
in my Tamagoyaki.
Ugh! As if I care about
childish preferences.
Minami is an ultra-mature,
adult man,
there's no way that I'm
gonna put sugar in his eggs.
Cool, don't bother asking me.
Okay, but don't
the teeny burgers
and the ohitashi
salad look bomb?
Yeah.
[AKARI] Maybe I should
invest in a Tamagoyaki pan.
[KAMO]
What am I looking at, bro?
Did Akari birth that
glorious lunch of love?
Yeah, she did.
You're otherworldly levels
of blessed, my guy,
I look at you then
look at me and think,
"O gods why do you smite me so?"
I thought things we're going
okay in your romantic life.
[KAMO] If by "okay" you
mean loveless, then yeah.
In the beginning, I'd feel
these big 'ole butterflies
in my tummy just
eating with her.
Good morning, nice to see you!
[KAMO]
Come on, female, it's afternoon.
Our once tender "good mornings"
and "goodnights"
are tender no more.
They feel more like
collecting log-in bonuses.
Hey, just be glad
you get bonuses.
[JIRO]
What's your deal?
I refuse to listen
to your whining
when that little
love triangle of yours
looks like an
S-tier ecchi manga.
It's a crime that you haven't
let the gyaru take that
factory-fresh unit you're
rockin' out for a spin.
[JIRO]
That's disgusting, man!
[KAMO] Well, well, wouldja
lookie there, so Mister Bigshot
thinks letting a woman
dongle his dingle
would be disgusting, huh?
Are you one of those
sappy harem protags
who protects his purity
even when females
are begging on their
hands and knees?
So, is that what
it's really like?
Do... do they yearn
for the dingle?
Bro? No!
She exclusively wears
tiny, flimsy clothes.
I think my self-restraint
around her is admirable
and should be
applauded if anything.
Cute, huh?
[sighs] Man, I'm done
with this conversation.
We're eating, and besides
this'll just make it awkward
when I see Watanabe at home.
[AKARI]
Watanabe what now?
Huh?
You just said my name, yeah?
I believe that I'll be letting
you handle this one.
Uh. Greetings, m'lady.
[AKARI]
The hell?
Sorry. It wasn't anything.
[AKARI] Weird you felt the
need to apologize for it.
Say what? No!
We were just talking about
our friend Tanabe. Small world.
[AKARI] Whatevs, how
was the bento? Delish?
Yeah, you did a
really awesome job.
Is that all you have to say?
I think that the bacon-wrapped
asparagus was my favorite.
[AKARI]
Mm-hm. Mm-hm. Go on.
Well, you already know
I'd prefer my Tamagoyaki
a bit sweeter.
And you know I'd prefer it
if you kept that crap quiet.
Jeez, then quit asking
for my opinion.
[AKARI] There's plenty of other
info you could give me!
What about the colors?
Did it survive being
thrashed in your bag?
Or maybe what you
thought of the taste!
[JIRO] I was telling you
what I thought of the taste!
[AKARI] Yeah, but I don't
care how it aligns with
King Yakuin's preferences,
just if it's good!
A tanka. Standing before me
they force me to watch as they
have their lovers' spat.
I am not envious, no,
Instead, I shall remember.
Kamo.
[yawns] Hm?
Hey, good morning.
Whoa, that looks incredible!
[AKARI] I know! The bento
above all bentos!
I'm gonna deliver it to the
place Minami works part-time.
Wait, so, that means this one
is the real deal, right?
[stomach grumbling]
Sorry about him, he just
thinks it looks good.
You gotta try today's
Tamagoyaki, it's my best yet.
But I thought all of this
cooking was for Tenjin?
Chillax buzzkill,
it's only an end piece.
[JIRO]
As predicted, zero sweetness.
My fake wife is cooking up
this delicious lunch
for her real crush. Meanwhile
her real crush's fake wife
has been my real crush
the whole time.
There's isn't sweetness
anywhere these days.
Cute?
There's a lot going on,
that's for sure.
Better a lot than nothing, duh.
[JIRO] How long did she
spend getting ready
just to play delivery girl?
The fact she's meeting a dude,
and letting it all
hang out like that?
It seems pretty obvious.
When she's out with me,
she just wears what's easy.
She certainly never
dresses up like this.
[AKARI]
Yo, Yakuin?
[JIRO]
Hm?
I might need some help getting
hyped up for the big day.
So, uh...
[AKARI]
Could you...?
Just do the goodbye
thing real quick?
[JIRO]
Huh?!
Like you did that other time.
[JIRO] The "goodbye thing"?
She can't mean...
[AKARI]
Please, just a lil' one.
You temptress, my fragile
boy heart can't handle it!
[AKARI] But you were cool
with it the other day!
Plus, you said you'd help me
with the Minami sitch!
You're walking out the door
to see another man,
are you sure you want the
goodbye thing from me?
[AKARI] You dummy.
No doy I want it from you.
Last time we did it, it made me
feel all safe and warm.
[JIRO]
Huh...?
[JIRO] I'm not crazy for
letting this get to me.
Say stuff like that and any
guy would get his hopes up.
--[doorbell rings]
--[BOTH gasp]
Huh? Who could that be?
Yes?
[JIRO]
Shiori?
Sorry for showing up
out of the blue!
I'm super happy you both
happened to be home!
Hey, I'm always home,
I'm never busy.
Maybe 'cause you have,
like, one friend.
[JIRO growls]
I got into a baking mood
and kinda made
way too many apple pies
if you want some.
[AKARI]
Ooo, yum.
You seriously made
these from scratch?
Dang, girl! Wow, these
look good for real!
I appreciate it! Minami's
the one who requested them!
[AKARI gasps]
Quick heads up, he has
a total sweet tooth,
so I made these extra sugary.
I really hope that you guys can
enjoy them, too, though!
[JIRO] A sweet tooth, huh?
Whoever would've guessed that?
[SHIORI] Whoa! That's adorable!
What a cute lunch!
Neat. You picnicking
or something?
Well, not exactly,
it's hard to explain.
[AKARI]
I'm really impressed.
You're the best, huh?
[SHIORI] A homemade lunch
and a picnic. That'd be nice.
[JIRO]
That was your finest work!
Thank you for the killer feast.
[JIRO] Hey, cheer up! Next time
we'll pick a day when he
hasn't already had a food
delivery, yeah?
[AKARI] She said that
Minami likes sweet stuff.
We should research his favorite
foods before our next attempt.
[AKARI] I don't know
what else I have to offer.
Huh?
I thought the whole being sweet
and cooking for him thing
would work, but there's
no way I win that race.
[JIRO]
Watanabe's always so confident.
I've never seen her beaten
down like this before.
She did work really hard,
but this is totally
throwing me off.
It probably doesn't
feel like it now,
but you have a ton to offer!
You're witty and
fun to be around.
You can make friends
with just about anyone,
and you must be doing
something right
cause all the guys always
say how perfect you are.
[AKARI]
Perfect? Really?
Uh!
[AKARI]
What's perfect about me?
Well, you happen
to be very sexy,
or now that I think about it,
maybe beautiful
is the right word.
You have a seriously
bangin' figure
and always dress it in a,
shall we say, daring way.
[AKARI]
So what?
You're the exact kind of girl
that guys fantasize about!
Y'know, the kind
they like to imagine
late at night when
no one is watching.
I guess what I'm
trying to say is that
any guy would want to have se--
Oh, no, foot in mouth.
Wait, please don't kill me!
Please! I didn't mean it!
It's just, those are
the kind of things
that guys think about,
so it's more that, uh...
You're a very appealing woman!
Men are pigs!
We do this crap to
celebrities, too.
You've seen those
pervy tier lists, yeah?
[AKARI]
Do you want me, too?
Uh-- Well, I...
[JIRO]
Watanabe and me?
Oh, uh, that's a... A thing
I've haven't considered!
How silly of me.
You liar.
[gasping] This is, uh...
I bet you've dreamt
of this moment,
when no one was watching, right?
So, what now?
You dreamt about how this would
go the moment you first saw me.
How often do you
play this through?
Or is it constantly
on your mind?
This is too much!
Time out! I need a sec.
[AKARI]
A sec for what?
This is what you want
from me, isn't it?
Don't be scared. I'll make
your dreams come true.
[JIRO]
All that crap is true.
Real life gyarus are the same
as they are in ecchi manga.
Is it okay for me to just throw
my V-card away like this?
[JIRO] What's this? I feel a
horrible pit in my stomach.
[AKARI]
Yakuin.,,
[JIRO gasps]
[gasping]
This isn't okay! We shouldn't.
It's just that...
This is supposed to be
for the one you love.
[JIRO]
Crap. I blew it.
[JIRO] Why did I stop her?
That was the perfect chance!
[AKARI]
So you don't want me?
[gasps] I just think that
it would've felt weird
because you have Tenjin.
[AKARI] Yeah, you're right,
and you have Sakurazaka.
[JIRO]
Uh?
[AKARI]
I get it.
Wait, are you okay?
All this couple stuff? I'm out.
[JIRO]
And thus, the deterioration
of our married life began.
[JIRO]
How'd we get to this?
[JIRO] We could've
just suffered through
the rest of the practical
and been fine.
But no, I had to put up some
phony sense of morality.
[STUDENTS chattering]
Dang, Minami, you're the best!
And I hear you can cook, too?
Me and Shiori take turns.
You look down,
is something wrong?
Oh, no. I'm A-okay.
Pause your stream!
What the hell, dude?
Can't you let a man
piss in peace?
What's the meaning of this?
Meaning of what?
Your crap-tastic rank!
You've gotta tell me what went
down or I'll start imagining
things. It was the hoe's fault
and not my bro's fault, right?
Jeez, either way,
it doesn't matter to you.
Even now, I'm not sure
what I should've done.
At first, I figured she
was teasing me as usual.
And if I started to
take her seriously,
she'd laugh and call
me some bratty name.
But then I felt her hand.
It was weirdly cold and
shaking out of control.
She was just about as uncertain
and nervous as I was.
Maybe we're more
similar than I thought.
It seemed like all that
stuff was new to her, too.
[JIRO]
I guess what I'm trying to say
is that any guy would
want to have se--
Weirdly cold.
[JIRO] If my hunch is right,
I'm the absolute worst.
Quick trip to emo-ville?
Are you seriously not
gonna dry your hands, bro?
Hey, Shiori.
Glad I caught you, Jiro.
I was wondering if maybe you
had some time to talk,
just the two of us?
Yeah.
They smite me, see?
Wow! The breeze feels
super nice up here.
So, uh, I can guess
what's on your mind.
[SHIORI] Be honest. Did
something happen with Watanabe?
[gasps]
Yeah. You could
say that I ran into
some serious trouble
expressing myself.
Plus, I think I had the wrong
idea about her entirely.
I haven't found the right
moment to apologize,
and I can tell she wants
nothing to do with me.
[SHIORI] Tall order
when you live together.
[JIRO]
Huh?
Every single day,
you spend more time
with Watanabe than anyone else.
If you just talk to her,
I'm sure she'll be
more understanding than
what your brain's saying.
I've known you forever
and the evidence shows
that you can definitely
handle this!
Boom! Now we're even.
I needed that.
I pronounce you the clear
victor of this argument.
Funny, you've been
better than me
with stuff like this
since we were little.
After all these years, I'm still
the same Shiori I was!
See? Just look!
[JIRO laughs] I'm pretty
impressed you even noticed
something was up with me.
Well, I guess anyone
who saw today's ranking
could predict that.
[SHIORI]
It's gonna be okay.
Hey, I'm back.
[JIRO] Hey, Watanabe?
I'd like to talk for minute.
No chance you're gonna
come out though, huh?
No, so come in.
[JIRO] It even smells
like a chick in here!
[gasping]
[JIRO] I didn't think she'd
ignore my existence.
I just wanted to
tell you that, um,
I'm sorry about the other day.
Relax dude, it's not like
you did anything wrong.
[JIRO] Yes, I did.
This is all my fault.
[AKARI]
Shut up!
What happened was I swung
and I missed, yeah?
Don't make me
live it over again!
Uh!
If you like breathing, wipe it
from your mind! You got that?
I'm sorry, I think
I might've given you
the wrong idea,
so let me explain.
[AKARI grunts]
[JIRO] It isn't that I didn't
want to do it with you, okay?
I find you very attractive,
and you were right,
I've had more than one
crazy fantasy about you,
a lot more than one
if we're being honest.
And, well, what I want
to tell you is that
I'm actually really grateful
for the experience.
You're such a freakin' perv!
Droning on and on
about it like this
is virtually sexual harassment!
You just came barging into
a girl's room with zero tact!
Might as well get "virg"
tattooed to your forehead
'cause you'll be one forever!
[JIRO] You're probably
right about that.
I mean, I stopped you
for a reason, though!
It's just... It's kinda hard to
explain, but, in the moment,
I felt like you
deserved to be treated
with more care than that.
The idea of us doing something
so big on a whim...
I don't know,
it just felt wrong.
Like I said,
it's hard to explain.
Dude! Spit it out already!
[JIRO]
It still feels wrong!
I despise the way things are
so awkward between us now!
I want to hang out and be
normal, like we were before.
And I want to eat together, too.
[gasps]
[JIRO]
Will you give me another chance?
Come on. You and me.
Let's do it.
[JIRO]
Let's be a married couple again.
Don't get me wrong,
when I say "married couple"
obviously I mean in terms
of the practical,
not like "will you marry me"
because you have Tenjin and,
trust me, my friend, I am not
gonna get in the way of that,
cross my heart, hope to die!
Pff.
Pff?
[laughing] We've got
a code red doof alert!
[JIRO] Huh? Shut up!
Why are you laughing?
Quick call the wah-mbulance!
What was that supposed to be?
A proposal?
Dial it the hell back!
Huh? I'm trying to make amends,
you said you were done
with the couple stuff?
[AKARI] Hm? How could I
just be done, dude?
It's literally required
for us to graduate.
Great! So you lied to me?
Like a liar would?
Straight up deception?
How could you?
Uh. I wasn't lying,
just shifting the vibe.
A, that makes no sense,
and B, I've agonized over this!
[AKARI] Don't flip, but
I'm enjoying married life
with you more than
I thought I would.
[JIRO grunting]
I realized something.
I like you, Jiro.
[JIRO]
What's going on?
Why'd she suddenly
use my first name?
And she "likes" me?
What does that mean?
So, got anything to say?
[JIRO]
I...
Hm? Hand?
Heh. You so missed your
moment on that one, dork!
The heat of the moment matters,
not that you'd know,
oh repressed one.
Some things never change.
I'm happy that you're
home, Jiro. Heh!
Hmph. Good to be back.
If we're starting from zero, at
least we're doing it together.
[AKARI] I realized something.
I like you, Jiro.
[AKARI]
There, I said it.
[KAMO] A very burned
piece of Tamagoyaki.
And a very concerned Akari.
Who could be behind her,
but... Jiro! With sugar.
[AKARI]
Your sugar burnt 'em up!
[JIRO] I was trying
to make them better!
[AKARI]
Down the hatch.
[JIRO]
It's yucky.
[KAMO] Next time, "A Hero,
but Not the Main Character."